---
layout:       post
title:        "Welcome to Arthur's Blog"
author:       "Arthur Zhang"
header-img:   "img/post-bg-dreamer.jpg"
tags:
    - Life
---

# My First Blog

Welcome to Arthur's Blog!

Back in someday 2022, when I was looking at [Huxpro's repo](https://github.com/Huxpro/huxpro.github.io), I suddenly realized how easy it is to have my own Blog as a fresh new start. After communicated with a few friends, I started work on this. By the end of September, this websites comes to live. 

I have attempted a few times in my previous times to create a website belongs to myself, but none of them look nearly as good as it is here. I remember I bought my first server at my home. I took a course from Cousera to learn the major components of a computer/server. I studied different types of GPU and finally decided to purchase the Tesla P40 GPU, costed me over $2000. It was also the first time understood that the difference between a server hard drive versus a PC hard drive. I set up a static IP for the home and bought a secure industrial level SonicWall firewall just to build a test website. How time consuming and ineffective it was! 

I studied so much in the past. I have conquered CFA and FRM, got some many different certificates, took tons of courses from Cousera, datacamp and spent so many hours in leetcode. And here I am, I have been to the Wall Street, and Silicon Valley. Isn't this enough? I guess no. Until the day that my knowledge convert itself to success, I'm still on the way. 

Yes, I'm still on the way. 

— Arthur Zhang， MLE @Uber, 
